[TEP-0144] Validate PipelineRun for Param Enum (#7338)
tektoncd/pipeline: docs/pipelineruns.md

provide to all `PipelineRuns`. Because you can pass in extra `Parameters`, you don't have to
go through the complexity of checking each `Pipeline` and providing only the required params.

#### Parameter Enums

> > :seedling: **Specifying `enum` is an [alpha](additional-configs.md#alpha-features) feature.** The `enable-param-enum` feature flag must be set to `"true"` to enable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :seedling: **`enum` is an [alpha](additional-configs.md#alpha-features) feature.** The `enable-param-enum` feature flag must be set to `"true"` to enable this feature.
```

If a `Parameter` is guarded by `Enum` in the `Pipeline`, you can only provide `Parameter` values in the `PipelineRun` that are predefined in the `Param.Enum` in the `Pipeline`. The `PipelineRun` will fail with reason `InvalidParamValue` otherwise. 

> Tekton will also the validate the `param` values passed to any referenced `Tasks` (vis `taskRef`) if `Enum` is specified for the `Task`. The `PipelineRun` will fail with reason `InvalidParamValue` if `Enum` validation is failed for any of the `PipelineTask`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tekton will also the validate the `param` values passed to any referenced `Tasks` (via `taskRef`) if `Enum` is specified for the `Task`. The `PipelineRun` will fail with reason `InvalidParamValue` if `Enum` validation is failed for any of the `PipelineTask`. 
```

> You can also specify `Enum` for `PipelineRun` with an embedded `Pipeline`. The same param validation will be executed in this scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify `Enum` an embedded `Pipeline` in a `PipelineRun`. The same `param` validation will be executed in this scenario.
```

provide to all `PipelineRuns`. Because you can pass in extra `Parameters`, you don't have to
go through the complexity of checking each `Pipeline` and providing only the required params.

#### Parameter Enums

> :seedling: **Specifying `enum` is an [alpha](additional-configs.md#alpha-features) feature.** The `enable-param-enum` feature flag must be set to `"true"` to enable this feature.

> :seedling: This feature is WIP and not yet supported/implemented. Documentation to be completed.

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this PR the last PR?

Author: Yeah, it is. I was planning to do the doc and link cleanup in a separate PR but seems unncessary. Will include the cleanup in this PR
